See door master see door master
Turtle apprentice, are you alright?
This trash can't do anything to me
He is domineering enough to be my great apprentice
Come with me back to my place
I'm going to pass you a new set of tricks
Blue master
The sun destroys the same door
I'm afraid I can't go with you
Who did you hurt?
Inner disciple Ye Nantian
It's just a competition
It's normal to have a little bump
Why does the ancient elder make a fuss?
The competition is about the end of the point
But Yan Nantian has fallen to the ground and is injured
He also abolished Yan Nantian's dantian
Cut off his opportunity to cultivate in this life
Such behavior
Bunla Extreme
I am a law enforcement elder
I must punish severely
According to the correct rules, what the master said is
If this gets out
Originally, the top and bottom could not be convinced to feed the land
What do you think?
Ask the law enforcement elders
Trespassing in the courtyard given by the alliance leader
What crime
Good entry without warning
It is to defeat the disciples of Vietnam Tiannai Inner Mongolia
And I am the master
Clear disciple provokes me
What should be the crime
The following is done, but
Hmph, it seems that Nantian is indeed dead this night
Isn't it ancient?
Elder Gu and so on